minor updates to the gateway setup doc to match what i see in the kga… (#55)
kgateway-dev/kgateway.dev: assets/docs/gatewayparameters.md

When you install {{< reuse "docs/snippets/product-name.md" >}}, a default GatewayParameters resource is automatically created for you. You can review its configuration by using the following command:  
```sh

> kubectl get gatewayparameters kgateway -n kgateway-system -o yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kubectl get gatewayparameters kgateway -n {{< reuse "docs/snippets/ns-system.md" >}} -o yaml
```

```

> To spin up new gateway proxies, the KGateway controller uses a [gateway proxy template](#gatewayproxytemplate) and the configuration in the default GatewayParameters and [Settings](#settings) resources. You can change the default configuration for your gateway proxies by updating the respective values in the Gloo Gateway Helm chart. You can also create additional GatewayParameters resources to spin up different types of gateway proxies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To spin up new gateway proxies, the {{< reuse "docs/snippets/product-name.md" >}} controller uses a [gateway proxy template](#gatewayproxytemplate) and the configuration in the default GatewayParameters and [Settings](#settings) resources. You can change the default configuration for your gateway proxies by updating the respective values in the Gloo Gateway Helm chart. You can also create additional GatewayParameters resources to spin up different types of gateway proxies.
```
